Second Squad. this is Dispatch.
It's a full moon
tonight. people.
And you know what that means.
Anything can happen.
Werewolves. succubi.
giant robots fighting
in the street.
Proceed with caution.
Yes. Nice.
Why do we come here?
Oh. because it's cheap. and
there's a hospital close by.
So if we get food poisoning.
- we don't have to go far.
- Huh.
Hey. so what'd I miss?
Let's see...
Shraeger was defending the
principle of the warning shot.
Warning
shot. Warning shot.
- Rookies.
- Yeah. tell me about it.
What. so it's two to
the body every time you pull your weapon?
Only reason you pull out your
gun is to shoot someone. right?
- What?
- If you want to warn someone. try yelling.
What's going on?
I can't do this.
What?
I can't do it.
It's okay.
You'll get the next one.
This is a stickup!
Nobody move!
Weapon! Come on.
You've gotta be kidding.
- You all right?
- You okay?
I'm out.
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-
Dude.
You're looking at this
the wrong way. you know?
The bullet missed
you. You're lucky.
- Lucky?
- Yeah.
What?
Hey. does that hot chick still
do yoga across the street?
-You got me.
-Oh. yeah. really? A guy with no TV set
and the Hubble Telescope
in his apartment
doesn't know if a double-jointed
girl who busts out of her leotard
is doing yoga across the way?
You think it's weird
that I don't have a TV.
No. Everything else. yes.
Leo. look. man. Um...
Here's the thing.
I think...
I think it's time you.
uh. you see a shrink.
- You think I'm crazy?
- You sleep in a bulletproof vest.
Your furniture inflates.
I won't even get into
the Gymboree flooring.
You think I want to
live like this? Huh?
All I got to do is get
through the next six months.
Then I'm 43. and everything
goes back to normal.
What. like magic? Just
not how it works. man.
Yeah. whatever. I don't want
to talk about this anymore.
Fine.
Oh. crap.
Are you ready to
get back to work?
Yeah. I guess.
What's wrong?
You okay?
Hey! What are you doing?
What I should've
done six months ago.
Staying home.
Leo. come on.
- Look. I'm safe in here.
- For how long?
Like I said.
I turn 43 in six months.
Oh. come on. What the hell
am I supposed to tell people?
Tell them to come
by December 14th.
And bring a birthday cake.
So. I'm off tonight. but
I'll be back tomorrow.
You do not have to
worry about me. sir.
Yeah? Last time I
left you in charge.
Delahoy glued your
gun to the urinal.
Take control. Eddie.
Show them who's boss.
What the hell?
- That's awesome.
- I don't know what this is.
but send it back. These
things creep me out.
Oh. Got it.
All right? And do
yourself a favor. son.
Show them some respect.
They're good cops.
I will.
Don't screw up.
10-4.
Are your parents related?
Huh?
You tried to rob a restaurant
that was filled with cops.
We're assuming that
your mother and father
spent Christmas together
since they were kids.
Uh. I'm from out of town.
Yeah. I figured that.
So. Officer Maynard is gonna
finish processing you now.
and then you're on the 9:00
p.m. to central booking.
- That's it?
- Have a good life.
Detective Cole.
I don't need to remind you that
there are departmental regulations
about the display of religious
paraphernalia in public areas.
Come on. Alvarez.
Don't be a bully.
Detective Beaumont? Eddie
Alvarez can see your...
Your bra strap.
Pardon me?
This is a predominantly male work
environment. We just don't...
Don't want to be a distraction.
- Mmm.
- I mean. come on. people.
Seriously. we got to really consider
departmental pride. Decorum.
It's not open to interpretation.
Is that better?
Okay. That's...
Who's in charge here?
Uh. I am.
Detective Eddie Alvarez.
the acting commander here.
I'm US Marshal Ben Foster.
You got a perp in holding?
Guy tried to rob a
Chinese restaurant?
Yeah. That's
right. Bo Keebler.
Yeah. I've been
tracking him for weeks.
The minute you put my guy
in the system. I got a call.
He pulled a similar
heist in Chicago.
except there he murdered a
waiter and two customers.
It's a good thing we
caught him. then. huh?
Yeah. well. that's just it.
I got a warrant from Illinois.
You need to. uh.
release Keebler to me
so that I can take
him back to Chicago.
Well. you know how
it works. Marshal.
New York tries him
first. and then Illinois.
Detective Alvarez. can I
talk to you in private?
Okay.
To my office.
Look. I'm not gonna lie to you.
The reason that Keebler
got away in the first place
is I lost him.
I know. It's not your problem.
And. I mean. you look like
you got it all together.
But me.
I'm sort of the joke
of the other Marshals.
They play pranks on me.
Practical jokes.
And when I lost
Keebler. it was bad.
People always mock what
they don't understand.
Right. So you understand this
isn't just another collar for me.
This is my shot at redemption.
Please. This guy's
an easy win for you.
If there is any way that you
can see clear to hand him over.
I swear I will bring him back
the minute that he's sentenced.
You know what?
I can do that.
This is an open-and-shut
case for us.
Nobody got hurt.
As long as you promise
to bring him back.
Oh. I will.
You have no idea how
much this means to me.
I'm all about the
interagency cooperation.
Let's get the paperwork started.
Whoa. hey. hey. hey. hey. hey.
"What am I doing?"
I'm not happy. I'm miserable.
I'm not crazy!
I just told them
you had some bad tacos.
You don't
just surrender.
I noticed you never
take off the vest.
You don't know me.
You don't know my reasons.
The bottom line is there's
only one way to live.
and that's all the way.
'Cause I promise you.
when you're my age.
you'll ask yourself.
"What the hell did
I play it safe for?"
What am I doing?
What am I doing here?
Hey. Cole.
Can I be honest with you?
Of course.
I hate testifying in court.
- Really?
- Yeah. I can't sleep the night before.
and usually. I puke.
That's stage
fright. It's normal.
Whenever I get nervous
in front of a group.
I just picture them all
on their knees. praying.
Detective?
I would appreciate it if you
wouldn't mock me in front of the men.
Next time you talk
about my boobs.
I'm gonna feed you my thong.
Hey. Eddie. Have you
seen our perp Keebler?
The bus for central's
ready to go.
Yeah. he's in Interview
One with a US Marshal.
Keebler's wanted for a
triple homicide in Chicago.
So I'm letting him have
the first shot at him.
Really? 'Cause that's not...
Attention all personnel.
Evacuate the
building immediately.
There is a bomb threat. This is
not a drill. I repeat. not a drill.
All right. everybody! By the
numbers. people. No screwing around.
Let's get everybody out!
All
units. be advised of a disturbance
at Houston and Orchard.
Two schizophrenic men may or may
not be arguing with each other.
We did a full sweep.
top to bottom. Nothing.
Good. I want a trace
put on that call.
Got it.
I just need your signature.
and I'll get out of your hair.
You saved my ass.
I can't thank you enough.
Oh. uh. Keebler had a
backpack when you booked him.
We'll need that. too.
Backpack for Keebler!
Flying JPATS tonight?
- Pardon me?
- JPATS.
Justice Prisoner and Alien
Transportation Service.
Oh. yeah. They're holding a plane for us
at Teterboro. So. we got to get going.
There you go.
Fly safe.
All right. people.
we're doing a bomb threat
performance review at 0030 hours.
What's that?
- Delahoy.
- I think I just saw a murder.
- What?
- I was in my sleeping chair...
- You sleep in a chair?
- Not the point. man.
I heard a scream.
and then I woke up.
and there was a man in
Yoga Girl's apartment.
He closed the curtains.
Wait a minute. You heard the
scream and then you woke up?
No. The scream woke
me up. I think.
Leo. you had a bad dream.
All right? It's been
a stressful week.
If I were you. I would just go back to my
sleeping chair and get some rest. okay?
Could you go over there for me?
- To the yoga girl's apartment?
- Yeah.
This is what I'm talking about.
You realize how crazy you sound?
- You gonna help me out. or not?
- No! And if you're so worried.
why don't you go over there?
I can't.
You can't 'cause you locked
yourself in your apartment.
and you're convinced if you
go outside. you're gonna die.
You need help. man.
First thing tomorrow.
you got to go see a shrink.
All right? This is ridiculous.
Listen. no. I'm not crazy.
Just get some rest. all right?
I'm not crazy. right?
You guys are using
a new floor wax.
It's lemony.
How many times you been here
in the last month. Marvin?
Six? No. wait. seven.
Ah. You know you got
to stop doing this.
You act like crime's my hobby.
We're in a recession.
No one wants to hire an ex-con.
Okay.
Take this.
Next time. you're
going to The Tombs.
All right?
- You know your way out.
- Thanks.
So then...
I handed Dr. Bulba
the buy money.
and he gave me a duffel
bag full of OxyContin.
Great. Just like that
on the stand tomorrow.
Dr. Lars Bulba.
aka "The Dentist."
Biggest trafficker in illegal
prescription drugs in the tri-state area.
I still can't believe a children's
dentist was selling drugs.
He was pulling in over half
a million dollars a month.
We're due in court at 9:00.
I'll put Beaumont
on the stand first.
Is the buy money secure?
It's in the evidence room. sealed
with the original paperwork.
Okay. Get some rest tonight.
If we land this case. I could
make Assistant District Attorney.
It's not that big of a deal.
It happens to everyone.
It doesn't happen to you.
- True.
- How can it not bother you.
being on the stand and knowing
that if you say the wrong thing.
this guy could walk?
All right. look.
Here's what I do.
When I talk to a jury. I just
think about something I love doing.
that makes me happy. When
you're happy. you're likeable.
- Huh.
- So. what do you love doing?
- And there we have it.
- Hey.
That. uh. bomb-threat
trace came back in.
Looks like it came from a cell
phone somewhere in the neighborhood.
We're just trying
to narrow it down.
Okay. Probably just
a prank call. huh?
Hey. how you doing? I'm
looking for your CO.
That'd be Alvarez. Alvarez!
Detective. US
Marshal Gary Klunket.
Well. it's US Marshal
night tonight.
Pardon me?
You have a Bo Keebler in
custody. is that correct?
Well. we. uh...
Do you or don't you. Detective?
We did. Marshall Foster
signed him out 10 minutes ago.
- Ben Foster?
- Yeah. little guy. hangdog. Why?
Foster was suspended last week
on suspicion of taking bribes.
There's no way he's legally
escorting prisoners anywhere.
But I ran his paperwork.
Everything checked out.
It doesn't matter. You just gave
my prisoner to a suspected felon.
Repeat after me. "My job
as a police detective
"is to put criminals in jail.
not help them break out!"
Maybe you want to write it
on the blackboard 100 times?
It's not too late.
I can fix this.
- How long have they been gone. Eddie?
- Half-hour.
All right. Casey. why don't
you put out a finest message
and see what we get back? They
couldn't have gone too far.
I ran all of his paperwork.
Everything cleared.
I don't get it. Eddie.
You are the rule king.
Why would you let Keebler
go in the first place?
It's...
-You know what? Never mind.
-Right.
Now I'm really curious.
Well. I had Chicago send
over the original case file.
Foster has nothing to do
with the Keebler case.
- He lied to me.
- Really?
He's a con man.
You got played.
What I don't get is. what
does a dirty US Marshal want
with the world's
dumbest convict?
Excuse me.
Shraeger.
Sergeant Brown is gonna kill me.
Eddie. you got to man up.
We got 11 hours till the Sarge
gets back. We can fix this.
Now. this is what you wanted.
You're the boss. Take control.
Yeah. thank you.
Guys. that
was the tech unit.
They finished the trace
on that bomb threat.
Turns out it came from
inside the precinct.
What?
-Yeah.
-Terrific. So let's see.
Keebler robs a
restaurant full of cops.
gets arrested. Foster comes
in and breaks him out.
And in between all of this.
someone calls in a bomb threat
and clears out the
building for 30 minutes.
Oh. this isn't happening.
Maybe Keebler's not
the dumbest perp alive.
Maybe he robbed that
Chinese restaurant
because he wanted to get caught.
Why would anyone
want to get arrested?
I don't know. But I know a
way to find out. Come on.
911. What's
your emergency?
Hey. this is Detective
412 from the 2nd Precinct.
I need a patrol car sent over to
622 Mulberry. apartment. uh...
Uh...
Third floor. above
the entryway door.
Yes. possible assault.
Victim is female.
Perp is male.
This is the interview tape of Keebler
and Foster before the bomb threat.
Here you go.
Unhandcuff me. Hurry up!
Son of a bitch.
Is everything where
M said it was?
Yeah. I saw the door
when they printed me.
Go left out the room. one floor
down. third door on the left.
It should be right
near the back.
What are you doing?
They'll trace that.
It's a throwaway.
They'll never find us in time.
Did you have a
problem with the CO?
Are you kidding?
That
guy was a total loser.
I saw how to play
him from a mile away.
Do not hang up. I planted
a bomb in the 2nd Precinct.
and you have 15
minutes until it blows.
Now. you remember exactly what
you're supposed to do. right?
We give it at least a minute.
Son of a bitch.
So why'd they call
the bomb threat?
They didn't need it to escape.
Well. the bomb threat
cleared the building.
They had 10 minutes
alone in the precinct
before the bomb
squad got here. so...
So why did two felons want to
be alone in a police precinct?
It's the
evidence room.
Officer Trunk. report.
I just started inventory.
So far. everything checks out.
All right. look for
anything out of place. guys.
Keebler said it was
somewhere in the back.
Guys. I got an
empty evidence box.
Space number 790.
It's Cole and Beaumont's case.
That's $50.000 missing from this box.
That's the case Nicole's
prosecuting tomorrow.
This wasn't a breakout.
It was a heist.
Oh. no.
What's going on?
- We got robbed.
- What?
How can we get robbed?
We're a police station.
Yeah. remember the genius that tried
to take the Chinese restaurant?
Well. a dirty US Marshal
came in to pick him up.
They're the ones that
called in the bomb threat.
When the precinct was empty.
they raided the evidence room.
Stole $50.000 from
the Dentist case.
- What?
- There's no case without that money.
It's my fault.
I let the Marshal take him.
Well. we have to tell Nicole.
No. no. Not yet.
I say we catch these guys.
get the money back tonight.
Doesn't matter. Once they
break the evidence seal.
the chain of custody
goes out the window.
Well. then. we catch them
before they break the seal.
- How?
- Yeah. How?
The dentist.
You think the dentist hired
them to tank the case?
Well. there's plenty of
money in that evidence room.
Why only take the one envelope?
Well. the dentist has been
in jail since his arrest.
which means there's got to be a
record if he contacted these guys.
Phone calls. visitor log.
Okay. let's pull
it. Pull it quietly.
The minute this gets
out. we're done.
- All right? Let's move.
- Walsh.
Thank you.
You need to call the US
Marshal's office. okay. Eddie?
Just fill them in. but
tell them to keep it quiet.
Threaten them if you have to.
All we need is nine hours.
If we don't get the
money back by then.
it won't matter.
You should be in charge.
you know. not me.
Everybody has a
first day. Eddie.
All that matters is
what you do next.
Police! Open up!
Are you kidding me?
You call in about the assault?
Yeah. yeah. yeah. across
the street. Is she okay?
Yeah. we knocked.
No one answered.
Super said he saw that tenant
go out earlier in the evening.
No. No. no. no. I saw...
Oh. let me guess.
You're a bird watcher.
- That's not...
- Look. the girl was alone.
- doing yoga.
- Yoga! That must've been great.
Yeah. and the next
time I looked...
Hey. you know it's against
the law to spy on people?
Listen. fellas. I'm on the job.
Detective Leo
Banks. 2nd Precinct.
Oh! Then the girl
was. what. a suspect?
Listen to me.
You need to get
inside the apartment
and see if there's any
signs of a struggle.
You hear that. Gus?
The detective here thinks we
need to get inside the apartment.
Thank God he's here. Otherwise I
might forget how to wipe my butt.
Very funny. Now. are
you gonna go over there.
or do I need to call
the Squad Sergeant?
What's with the
inflatable furniture?
Get out. Thank you.
fellas. I'm done.
Glad to be of service. sir.
You have a nice evening.
Yeah. yeah. thanks. Wait.
What's her name? The yoga girl.
This is a
professional request.
- Carmen.
- Carmen what?
- Carmen Dunn.
- Thank you.
You have a nice day.
J17-SBK...
J17-SBK1.
2120 hours. The suspects
leave the evidence room.
That must be the dentist's
money in that green bag.
So they hit a blind
spot for four minutes.
Then they reappear here.
and they enter the personal
effects holding area.
It's the backpack. They put the
money in Keebler's backpack.
which I returned to him.
The dentist's prison log shows six calls
in two weeks to a pay phone on Avenue A.
And I did a background check
on US Marshal Ben Foster.
Turns out he grew up on the same
street as the dentist in New Rochelle.
They've been
friends since grade school.
Great. so. that connects them.
but that doesn't
help us find them.
There you are!
Oh. hey. honey.
We're just. uh...
I thought you got
off at midnight.
Uh. they stayed to help us out
with a case we're working on.
Well. I need them rested
for trial in the morning.
Eddie. can't you send them home?
Uh...
- Eddie?
- Uh. yeah.
Uh. Beaumont. Cole.
why don't you guys go
ahead and clock out?
But we... We really want
to help on that case.
Yeah. I know.
Just go on home.
Thanks. babe.
You've
gotta be kidding me.
I'm heading home myself.
get a few hours of sleep.
Okay.
- You okay?
- Uh. yeah. I'm fine.
Yeah. Just go...
Get some sleep.
- All right. Bye.
- Okay. Bye.
I keep thinking about
something Foster said.
He asked Keebler if everything
was "where M said it was."
Who's... Who is "M"?
Maybe an inside man? A cop?
Oh. tell me it's not
another crooked cop.
I could run new background
checks on support staff.
What if it's not one
of us. but one of them?
- "Them"?
- Yeah. two types of people in a police station.
- Cops and criminals.
- Criminals.
Yeah. We get the same perps
in and out of here every week.
They know the place
as well as we do.
So. we're looking for a
recidivist with the initial "M."
- What?
- Marvin.
Before you say anything. I
bought him with my own money.
I even kept the receipt.
This isn't about
the dummy. Marvin.
Because I thought about what
you said. and you're right.
I need a new gig.
Get my act together.
So. meet Marvin II.
I'll say this much.
I've never quite seen a
ventriloquist like you before.
What's
that supposed to mean. biotch?
Marvin. I'm serious.
- Marvin!
- If that dummy says another word...
Yeah? What are you gonna do?
Uh... Uh... Cry?
Hey!
Marvin. has anyone approached
you in the last month
regarding information about
the precinct's layout?
- I'm okay.
- Marvin!
Look at the photos.
Hey. I know them! They
bought me drinks at the Ear.
Uh. Bo and Ben. They
were really nice.
That's right. What
did you tell them?
I don't know. They just wanted
to know where some stuff was.
Said they heard I was
"The Man" at the 2nd.
"The Man." I like that.
Oh. Marvin.
What?
- Oh. no. Did I screw up again?
- Mmm-hmm.
These guys bluffed their
way into the precinct
and stole $50.000 in evidence.
It wasn't weird to you that they
were asking those questions?
About a police station?
They were nice. People
don't talk to me much.
That's why I got
Marvin. He's my friend.
You're killing me.
Marvin. You're killing me.
Please tell me that you
remember something. anything.
that's going to help
us with this case.
I don't know. I
was pretty drunk.
But there was a girl with them.
Nancy? Nora?
We went to a bar
near her apartment.
-Where?
-You got me. It was in Brooklyn.
But... Wait!
There was a cow outside.
- A cow.
- Definitely a cow.
So she
lives in a field.
No. An apartment.
Marvin. You know where I have
to take you now. don't you?
The Tombs.
That's right.
Bring number two.
Come on!
-Delahoy.
-Hey. it's me. Don't hang up.
I saw a man come out of the
building across the street.
and I'm pretty sure he was
dragging a body in a duffel bag.
- You saw the body?
- No. But it was a big duffel bag.
- I'm hanging up.
- No. no! Wait!
I got his license plate
number. My Internet's down.
and I just need you
to run the plate.
- That's it?
- That's it.
Just run the plate. see
if he's got any priors.
It's J17-SBK1.
Maybe you could see if he has
any connection to Yoga Girl.
Her real name's
Carmen Dunn. Two N's.
Thought you said run
the plate and that's it.
Eric. please. I think
something really...
Really what?
Dude. you there?
He's back.
He's in the apartment.
Who's back?
Leo?
Hey. Leo.
Fine. screw it.
I'm not here. Leave a message.
Hey. man. it's me.
You there? Pick up.
Okay. look. I ran that
plate you gave me.
The owner's name
is Reginald Worthy.
He's been questioned in the
disappearance of one woman in Queens
and another one in Rhode Island.
He works at a photo lab in
the same mall as Yoga Girl.
Uh. listen. man.
I think this guy could
be a serial killer.
Be careful. I'm on my way.
Hey. babe.
Hey. babe. is something wrong?
Sorry. I didn't mean to
wake you up. I just. um...
I'm having a...
I'm just having a tough night.
Oh. honey. It'll be okay.
Can we talk about
it after the trial?
Oh. yeah.
You're right. It's
late. you should get some sleep.
You have... You have
a big day tomorrow.
-Okay. I love you.
-I love you. too. Good night.
Hi.
You know that your. um...
Your wife and I went to
high school together?
- No. I didn't.
- Yeah.
- We didn't really get along.
- Oh.
I
actually hated her.
A lot.
But now I think she's.
you know. kind of cool.
She's become her own person.
I met Nicole when I was
still on foot patrol.
She was in law school.
I think she liked
that I carried a gun.
And the mustache.
- Of course.
- Yeah.
For sure. Uh...
But. you know. I knew
it was just a fling.
There's no way a girl like that
likes a beat cop
named Ed Alvarez.
"Eddie" Alvarez.
No. It was just "Ed" then.
- Mmm.
- Just a gangly yutz from Mamaroneck
who took his stepfather's last
name when he joined the force.
so he could get promoted faster.
Well. look what happened.
She married you.
You know. if it was up to me. I would
just be a detective. I would solve crimes.
But Nicole...
She deserves a
champion. you know?
Not some guy with a cheap suit
who punches the clock every day.
That's what a
champion is. Eddie.
Someone who'll do the work
that other people
think is beneath them.
Do you know where I can
find a cow in Brooklyn?
- A cow?
- Yeah. Marvin said our suspects
are staying at a place
with a cow outside.
Oh. there's a cow in front
of Vaca's Steak House.
But it's not a real
cow. It's a sculpture.
You're a genius.
- What?
- What do you say. boss?
Want to go catch some bad guys?
Hell. yes.
Police! Don't move.
Drop the bag.
Put your hands up.
Who's the joke now. bitch?
Walsh. The dentist's bag.
it's empty. The money's gone.
Where is it?
Am I crazy?
We know you work
for the dentist.
We're not mad. We
just want to get
- the evidence back.
- Mmm-hmm.
I don't know what
you're talking about.
Only
one of you morons
is going to get a deal
here. you understand?
Now. right now your partner's
next door talking to my boss.
Let's not forget. Foster is
a cop. He knows how it works.
You think he's gonna keep his
mouth shut and go to jail?
He's probably selling
you out right now.
Think about it.
You picked the wrong
precinct to rob. Benjamin.
Oh. come on.
please. I did my homework.
This place is a joke.
Chaotic. disorganized.
Too much personality.
not enough discipline.
You give me 24 hours. I bet
you I could rob it again.
You're gonna tell
me where that money is.
Or what?
What are you gonna do. Nancy?
Hit me?
Hey. Never mind.
Keebler's talking.
Perfect.
Enjoy your life at
Sing Sing. Benjy.
Do you really think that
junior varsity psych crap
is gonna work on me?
I know that Bo is not
talking. and he knows I won't.
So you got nothing.
You had a bad dream.
Maybe I am crazy.
Help!
Leo! Hold on. buddy!
Just hold on!
Stand clear!
Son of a bitch!
Leo! Leo!
Pal?
Hey.
He popped the couch.
Told you
I wasn't crazy.
Brand new day.
Okay.
I'm gonna call Nicole
and Captain Morgan.
I'll take all the
heat. Thanks. you guys.
-All righty. Here goes.
-Wait.
Keebler's girlfriend said that he and
Foster rolled up to her place around 11:30.
I'm thinking that they went
straight there from the precinct.
They didn't have time to
drop the money anywhere.
Right. The girlfriend said our
suspects stayed at her place
until we came and arrested them.
And we searched their
apartment. the van. Nothing.
So. either they threw the
money out the window...
Or they never had it
in the first place.
The surveillance cameras did lose
Keebler and Foster for four minutes.
Yeah. but if they didn't take it out
with them. what did they do with it?
Nicole just paged us to
court. What do I tell her?
Stall her.
Look. if we can't
find this money.
we've got to tell
the DA's office now.
Detective Beaumont. listen
to me very carefully.
This is my decision. I'm in
charge. Now. go stall my wife.
She's right. Eddie. You
should call your wife.
- The box.
- What?
Somebody sent Sergeant
Brown a box yesterday.
and it was full of these dolls.
I put it on
that table right over there.
- So?
- So. where's the box?
Brown asked me to return
the box. and it's gone.
Again. so?
So Keebler and Foster knew
that they might get caught.
But they had to make sure
that the money disappeared.
They couldn't risk taking
it out in a backpack.
Hey!
I'm looking for a
box about that big.
It would have been
dropped off last night.
Last night's mail just went out.
- so you can...
- Come on.
Move. move. move! Move!
Hey! Hey!
Stop!
What the hell are you doing?
NYPD. Open the back.
It'll be there.
It's still sealed. Booking
slip intact. Now. move.
Sirens all the way. Drive on
the sidewalk if you have to.
Got it.
- Good work. boss.
- Thank you.
- Alvarez!
- Uh. Sarge. Yes.
Status report.
Uh. all is quiet. sir.
We had a bomb threat last
night around 9:00 pm.
but that turned
out to be a prank.
Everything's normal.
Is he lying?
- No. sir.
Okay. what about
the banks thing?
- The what?
- The Noho Strangler?
Banks and Delahoy
just caught the guy.
Haven't you been
following the radio calls?
Uh. well... I don't...
It's called multitasking. Eddie.
Okay.
- Say it.
- I'm not saying it.
You're gonna say it.
Fine.
Staying at home is not
safer than coming to work.
You were right. Sarge.
About what?
They are good cops.
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-